ctf_sec

medium

# Lack of slippage protection when doing balancer swap and exit pool in AutoRoller.sol / swap request deadline is hardcoded to type(uint256).max

## Summary

Lack of slippage protection when doing balancer trade.

## Vulnerability Detail

When existing balancer pool, there is no slippage protection.

We call this function _exitPool when exiting from the balancer pool.

```solidity
  function _exitPool(bytes32 _poolId, BalancerVault.ExitPoolRequest memory request) internal {
      balancerVault.exitPool(_poolId, address(this), payable(address(this)), request);
  }
```

Let us see how this function is used in the AutoRoller.sol

```solidity
 _exitPool(
      poolId,
      BalancerVault.ExitPoolRequest({
          assets: tokens,
          minAmountsOut: new uint256[](2),
          userData: abi.encode(space.balanceOf(address(this))),
          toInternalBalance: false
      })
  );
```

note the slippage protection:  minAmountsOut is just to empty array new uint256[](2)

I want to quote the info from the balancer doc:

https://dev.balancer.fi/resources/joins-and-exits/pool-exits#minamountsout

> In the exitPool call, you have to provide minAmountsOut, the lower limits for the tokens to receive. In short, what are the minimum amounts you would find acceptable, given the amount of BPT you are providing? 

> A good practice would be to user [queryExit in BalancerHelpers](https://github.com/resources/query-batchswap-join-exit#queryexit) to find the current amounts of tokens you would get for your BPT, and then account for some possible slippage. 
Let's say that you want to allow a 1% slippage. After computing how many tokens you expect for a given amount of BPT, you'd apply a factor of 0.99 to all the amounts. These thresholds are important because it's possible for token amounts to change in the pool between the time you send your transaction and the when your transaction executes.

When swap, there is also no slippage protection. we call the function _swap when swapping:

```solidity
function _swap(BalancerVault.SingleSwap memory request) internal {
    BalancerVault.FundManagement memory funds = BalancerVault.FundManagement({
        sender: address(this),
        fromInternalBalance: false,
        recipient: payable(address(this)),
        toInternalBalance: false
    });

    balancerVault.swap(request, funds, 0, type(uint256).max);
}
```

note this line:

```solidity
balancerVault.swap(request, funds, 0, type(uint256).max);
```

if we refers to the balancer doc, the param for the function swap:

```solidity
swap(SingleSwap singleSwap,
     FundManagement funds,
     uint256 limit,
     uint256 deadline) returns (uint256 amountCalculated[In/Out])
```

the third parameter slippage limit is hardcode to 0,
the fourth parameter deadline is hardcoded to type(uint256).max),

this means that the trade has no slippage protection and has no expiration timestamp even when the liqudity of the pool changes.

https://dev.balancer.fi/resources/swaps/single-swap

> singleSwap: A definition of the swap to be executed, defined below
funds: A definition of where funds are going to/from, defined below
limit: The meaning of limit depends on the value of singleSwap.kind
GIVEN_IN: The minimum amount of tokens we would accept to receive from the swap.
GIVEN_OUT: The maximum amount of tokens we would accept having to send for the swap.
deadline: The UNIX timestamp at which our trade must be completed by - if the transaction is confirmed after this time then the transaction will fail.

## Impact

The AutoRoller.pol fund may suffer from slippage when swap or exit pool, meaning they are vulnerable to front-running.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-sense/blob/main/contracts/src/AutoRoller.sol#L302-L312

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-sense/blob/main/contracts/src/AutoRoller.sol#L682-L693

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-sense/blob/main/contracts/src/AutoRoller.sol#L727-L738

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We recommend the project calculate the slippage amount or let user supply the slippage tolerance.

and instead of using type(uint256).max) as the expiration timestamp for the trade, use block.timestamp
